Update and add crate features (#28)
dawn-rs/dawn-rs.github.io: src/chapter_1_crates/section_7_first_party/section_4_util.md

# Util

`twilight-util` is a utility crate that adds utilities to the twilight
ecosystem that do not fit in any other crate. One example feature of the crate
is a trait to make extracting data from Discord identifiers (snowflakes) easier.

## Features

> `twilight-util` by default exports nothing. Features must be individually opted
> into via feature flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`twilight-util` by default exports nothing. Features must be individually enabled
via feature flags.
```
(needs word wrapped)

### Link

Enables the parsing and formatting of URLs to resources, such as parsing and

> formatting webhook links or links to a user's avatar.

Reviewer: Should we name the flag again in `monospace`, like other flags?
